oh hi guys and here we are some blitz
action on chess calm I'm playing c4 e6
from Greece and I'm gonna play that a
trompe Oski and you got a feel for the
greece people at the moment haven't you
they are really struggling and this
opening here h4 possibly has the coolest
name in chess it's called the wrapped
are like the dinosaur it's a it's a
really interesting move played by
grandmaster Julie and Hodson and you
might notice also I'm trying free mini
chess and there's a dim background
behind me so it's all happening today
and I'm at my parents house doing a bit
of dog sitting for them while they go in
holiday and and I to be honest I don't
know this opening at all so I'm just
sort of making it up as I go along but
that wouldn't be a first time I've done
such a thing as that and I know it's a
little trickier efore so he takes it I
have a queen a4 check he's been ratted
okay f4 so I'm just gonna go for their
the the charge attack and what do we
play here well a check over here that's
tenting if he takes I have f5 do I go g4
I mean that looks a little bit like a
little bit too much really cuz I'm
exposing my king but you know what this
is the Raptor in action this is let's
just push them all up the board why not
let's give it a go so let's listen let's
go for it and my king is certainly what
on earth is happening here this is just
chaos I mean have you ever seen a weird
porn structure like this after 10 moves
of the Raptor I think the Raptor has had
another victim oh yes f5 happy days or
do I even give a little check first
where f5 he takes here on g5
I'll go remember about my clocks I'm not
used to this time limit say and well it
let's bag myself a piece on but you know
my kings a little bit a little bit airy
here but I feel I should be doing quite
well and this is just a weird game I'm
not really sure how I got into this to
be honest okay I'm gonna throw my queen
up there
we've ideas Bishop b5 if knight c6 can I
go can i play this funky-looking move I
don't know if it works or not but I'd
like the look of it so I'm going to play
anyway Bishop a6 that just looks nice
looks like a fun B to play
I should mention I'm playing on chess
calm my aim is to get a little bit
practice on the site today oh yeah thank
you very much Raptor style and that is
the end of that now that was a game I'm
going to enjoy for a long time and so
yeah I was talking about today is
Tuesday the first Tuesday of the month
and on the first Tuesday of the month
you have basically the title Tuesday on
chess calm the only site to do this and
that is a brilliant idea
I do love chess calm fallenness it's
only open it's a little bit of latest
you know like the bankers or the chess
world this tournament you know it's only
open to players who are titled luckily I
still have a title sometimes I wonder
but after that game I get a little bit
of Hope left 15 meter feels good it
doesn't normally happen like that and I
might be playing this later on All
Things Considered so I want to get a
little bit of practice on a chess calm
and I like the site so I'll probably
play on here from from now on I do video
to the side very recommended you can
check out my videos on the video section
at chess calm and anyway if you like
that video
short and sweet please like it please
subscribe still trying to build up the
base kind of do my own thing here at the
moment but I'm enjoying it I'm having
some fun and hopefully you're enjoying
somebody's videos as well that was
wrapped to style in action and well okay
let's have a little look at this opening
and just very briefly I mean this move
Bishop g5 is the Tron postie it was a
move favored by English players and like
people like Luke Machine Julian hodson
Knight e4 is the main move and now h4 is
the wrap top and it's a very fun line as
we saw here you get some really crazy
positions I mean the critical move here
is probably something like Queen b6
but thereafter Queen b6 I would have
sacked a porn on b2 I'm not really
worried so much about that porn with
night to be - something like that so my
opponent took here and now he probably
should go g6 he kind of fell for this
trick of bishop before where I got this
lovely tricky for with my queen coming
over to a4 and now I just try to chase
his Bishop down f4 and it's like the
rats of the rats are talons are coming
at a mare are trying to rip his Bishop
apart and he has to stop f5 so he's got
to go e6 and Here Come more talons g4
and this is like the five porn Raptor
attack don't know if that's a real name
I fought here maybe he should like take
on b5 and after f5 go Queen takes g5 I'm
not gonna I'm not gonna go into the
variations cuz I think by speaking about
them it makes you use your imagination
want to keep it short and sweet as the
game and my opponent now played f5 but
well his position just completely
collapses here the rats of talons are
coming at him and okay I mean he fell
for this last trick at the end here
which Bishop a6 was a fun mood to play
he's in serious trouble here cuz I'm
gonna take on b7 and after castles well
thank you very much Queen takes c6 and
that is stayin Nora good night my dear
friends and probably not a friend of
mine after that I'm imagine he's from
Greece by look of his flag he's got a
lot of things to think about at the
moment and this bit of blitz game is
probably the least of his concerns okay
right well I'll try to come back more
videos and thank you for viewing it and
leave any comments don't even my bad
comments you know it makes it a bit fun
when you start slagging me off guys so
have a go if you want a shot the third
good comment somebody's saying that you
know and but anyway see you again soon